
Pages --> different pages for different reports views of different department analysis

FILTERS --> we want to see analysis for category , for different products like laptops , smartphones etc..
FILTERS -----> CAN BE APPLIED ON --> PAGE
                                     ACROSS ALL PAGES
                                     ACROSS A VISUAL(BOX)

bar charts --> to see category wise total sales or product name wise total sales etc
line charts --> time is involved 

like we want to view sales for 2024 last quarter date wise as  a trend line in bar chart ..
so we will create a line chart y axis , total sales and x axis , date from dim date which is all time dates
so now 
    
tool_tips are attributes shwon to us when we put out cursor on a bar in bar chart or a slice in pie chart etc..

KPI --> key performance indicator 
Measures for sales performance , product efficiency , regional health to indicate performace of a company 
desgined for tracking a goal --->

Value: Put your SumofSales.
Trend Axis: Put your MonthName.
Target: Put a goal (like a fixed number or a "Target Sales" measure).   
Result: This visual will show the number, a line chart in the background,
        and turn Green or Red automatically based on whether you hit your target.
We set target of 40K , here we have to create a measure of target ( Target = 40000) and add that on target part in KPI ..

Drill Through --> when i see productname as laptop in a page and want to see description of that product 
i just right click and click drill through which will go towards description i.e on a page or card where i kept 
drillthrough as product name ..........

Buttons with text box(next/prev page inside it ) : to go from page 1 to page 2 with the help of buttons ...

Bookmark for example i have a bar chart with customer name and sales and also a matrix with customer name and sale
i want to toggle it with like on off button and i will put both chart and matrix of same size overlapping each other ..

For making buttons to work 
Add button --> Add Text box inside it --> Select Button and check Action

Analyse visual Feature 
For any visual right click and click analyse we can analyse it by powerBI's APPLIED

Groups 
For example we have multiple cities and we want some cities to be part of tier 1 and some in tier 2 etc ..
so we can create 4 groups of tiers and we can usr them for further tier wise total sales , transactions , etc..

Bins for histogram ..
For example we want bins of total sales in some slices so for that we right click total sales and new group and 
group type we select as bins

Decomposition charts / tree
Just Like Flowcharts ( product category --> product name --> unit price)

------------ Forecasting ----------------
(MANAGING REPORTS / RLS SECURITY / PUBLISHING REPORTS TO DASHBOARD)

